are our together... But there are two or forminate low o, possibly educating amusement and referen with actual femin. The modeling approach uses logic regression to predict train of fancy, higher or water, while in the painufactures that are validated throughape par solization for buss. Also, a confus of matrics will assess the models for different security and reliability, which is shown in the app through accuracy person patch and the rap. The minimum match the ris of misploted by high octents and grap as slow, we set a higher asshold to ensure on the rocks with a strong equhood of low occupancy are chosen just like shown on the estation, in factles here. It will pervert prio as surface reliability and satisfaction. But currently printing low of events rouse, we can'tject significant cost savings in maintenance, labor and energy while avoiding with the resources. However,alsifying high openancy as revenue loss or crowding and the cent. These set is ri. stri ribal as in theature optimized resourcesition and purposes and what have relevant. Thank you. Send me So I'm told that in order to stay on scheduled, we should keep our carpets a little pre, so, um, Matt, do you wanna start? Yeah, um overall, very good, and you know, I'm I'm kind of curious to hear a little more about the mods I think spend a decent amount of time on the features and that process, um, you know, sort of like slide seven through ten there. um, you know, it's in common as part of some other groups, like some of the pots, like, you know, uh we get read from here, and I know you're probably saying what the word part of the pot is, so like just saying, you know, the important part of the plot is or put the little title up there. um, I mean, I like things like this right hand lays out the process between the slides about it. So just be working visually concise and and and, you know, just just just lay on us, tell us where the cool stuff is, and you don't have to you know, have backup cops, um to see if, you know, if someone really wants to ask you like, how't you ask for it afterwards you know,int your research. so just you know, keep at higher level and just say good parts. Um, I know comment on the app instead of like, you know, because that when you kind of spoke about the problems and, like kind of passed through the user pretty quick, you get to the app and like, you showed me functionally how the app would work, but I still quick at like, I in my head, how at least how is this user gonna make the life easier or how we gonna achieve those goals and like research allocation with this app, which didn't all kind of jump together, but so all the pieces are there? So just focus a little bit of that tape out some visual clutter and I think it good to go. Yeah, I would I would second one Matt says put the you know put the user in the middle of the in the middle of the story and and try to say it out the amount of informational density, but um I appreciate the modeling stuff a lot seems really good. John probably you. Thank you.